The files in this folder exist purely for testing and development purposes.

For Weland - Files for compiling yourself a copy of Weland with
M1R object names.  Instructions and GNU licence included therein.

marsneedswomen.sceA - The former "welcome" level, which has been
replaced by a placeholder as I plan to start work on creating a
proper spaceport for the next release.  Kept in case I want to
implement some of the changes to the actual Mars Needs Women.

Traxus Industrial Tower - A level Flowers submitted to the project
as a possible colony level. I am not yet sure where or whether I
will use this.

oldhistory.txt & oldreleases.txt - a record of git commits from
before I rebased.

Other.term.txt - Terminal text by Philtron that is waiting for
a level to grow a new terminal to use it.

Storyboard.odg - LibreOffice Draw flowchart outlining how we plan
to thread the levels so far.

Files listed below will not be included in Simplici7y releases:

Chroma Key - map used in conjunction with Wrkncaknter's Differential Shading Checker to made sprites out of 3D models

Monster Piano - a map that spawns in the Major of every monster type when you step on the appropriate polygon, for testing physics

Terminal Test - a map, whose source can't be in git because it mostly consists of symbolic links, which I occasionally compile to quickly test terminal edits with.

Symbolic Interactionism.odg - LibreOffice Draw master for the "fire and the aspects of the theory" terminal on Arrival in case you want to edit it.

CREDITS.xcf - GIMP master for adding people to the credits

splash.xcf - GIMP master for the title and splash screens

MIDAs.xcf - GIMP master for the graffiti / secret door textures


Replace the first line with the paragraph below for Simplici7y releases:

In addition to the files below, you can find the full source of this
project on GitHub.  GitHub is currently being updated every few weeks
rather than every few months like Simplici7y, so you can find the
latest untested updates there:
https://github.com/ravenshining/M1R
